# SENG201 Project Overview
A JavaFX-based Cross Country car racing simulation game built for SENG201. Players can buy and upgrade cars, enter races, 
and earn prize money across a season. The game was developed using an MVC-inspired architecture and features dynamic race 
simulations with route conditions, random events, and fuel management.

## Authors
- SENG201 Teaching team
- Hayley Kawelenga 
- Lukas van Aken 

## Prerequisites
- JDK >= 21 [click here to get the latest stable OpenJDK release (as of writing this README)](https://jdk.java.net/21/)
- *(optional)* Gradle [Download](https://gradle.org/releases/) and [Install](https://gradle.org/install/)


## What's Included
- JavaFX
- Junit 5

## Importing Project (Using IntelliJ)
IntelliJ has built-in support for Gradle. To import your project:

- Launch IntelliJ and choose `Open` from the start-up window.
- Select the project and click open
- At this point in the bottom right notifications you may be prompted to 'load gradle scripts', If so, click load

**Note:** *If you run into dependency issues when running the app or the Gradle pop up doesn't appear then open the Gradle sidebar and click the Refresh icon.*

## Run Project 
1. Open a command line interface inside the project directory and run `./gradlew run` to run the app.
2. The app should then open a new window, this may not be displayed over IntelliJ but can be easily selected from the taskbar

## Build and Run Jar
1. Open a command line interface inside the project directory and run `./gradlew jar` to create a packaged Jar. The Jar file is located at build/libs/seng201_team0-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar
2. Navigate to the build/libs/ directory (you can do this with `cd build/libs`)
3. Run the command `java -jar hka105_lva62_ResourceStockpiling.jar` to open the application.

## Run Tests
1. Open a command line interface inside the project directory and run `./gradlew test` to run the tests.
2. Test results should be printed to the command line

## Works used in projects
- Images used in this project were generated by AI (ChatGPT)

**Note:** *This Jar is **NOT** cross-platform, so you **must** build the jar you submit on Linux.* 
